README.md, before:

# doingML

- update:
    - I am planning to log math/theoritical proofs and quick excercises and experiments around ML
    - also quick explorations on my questions / doubts

---

- current ML Recap :
   - Probabilitic Machine Learning
   - Machine Learning and Statistical Learning Theory
 


---
     
- logging my learnings and experiments on Machine Learning (theory and practice) here - mostly centered around Vapnik's work , Kevin Murphy book - and not too much of deep learning here , may be a separate repo  

### Reference Books and Courses 
- [Stanford CS229 Machine Learning Course](https://cs229.stanford.edu/)
- [CMU ML Core Courses](https://www.ml.cmu.edu/academics/ml-core.html)
- [Columbia Statistical Learning Theory](https://www.cs.columbia.edu/~verma/classes/ml/ref/ref_intro_lt.pdf)
- [Vapnik's book](https://statisticalsupportandresearch.wordpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/vladimir-vapnik-the-nature-of-statistical-learning-springer-2010.pdf)
- [Kevin Murphy's Books - ProbML Intro and Advanced](https://www.cs.ubc.ca/~murphyk/)

Commit message:

Update README with key courses and ML recap

README.md, after:

# doingML

- update:
    - I am planning to log math/theoritical proofs and quick excercises and experiments around ML
    - also quick explorations on my questions / doubts

---

- current ML Recap :
   - Probabilitic Machine Learning
   - Machine Learning and Statistical Learning Theory
 
---
     
- logging my learnings and experiments on Machine Learning (theory and practice) here - mostly centered around Vapnik's work , Kevin Murphy book - and not too much of deep learning here , may be a separate repo

### Key Courses 
- [David Blei's PMML course that I am taking](https://www.cs.columbia.edu/~blei/fogm/2025F/readings.html)
- [Daniel Hsu's ML Courses - that focuses on theory](https://www.cs.columbia.edu/~djhsu/coms4771-f25/)
- [Daniel Hsu's ML Theory Course](https://www.cs.columbia.edu/~djhsu/coms4773-s24/)

### Reference Books and Courses 
- [Stanford CS229 Machine Learning Course](https://cs229.stanford.edu/)
- [CMU ML Core Courses](https://www.ml.cmu.edu/academics/ml-core.html)
- [Columbia Statistical Learning Theory](https://www.cs.columbia.edu/~verma/classes/ml/ref/ref_intro_lt.pdf)
- [Vapnik's book](https://statisticalsupportandresearch.wordpress.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/vladimir-vapnik-the-nature-of-statistical-learning-springer-2010.pdf)
- [Kevin Murphy's Books - ProbML Intro and Advanced](https://www.cs.ubc.ca/~murphyk/)
